c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\NugetServer.dll.config
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\NugetServer.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\NugetServer.pdb
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\NuGet.Server.Core.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\NuGet.Server.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\NuGet.Server.V2.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\obj\Debug\NugetServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\obj\Debug\NugetServer.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeTask11Nuget\NugetServer\obj\Debug\NugetServer.pdb
